they are expected to arrive around
150,000 people from different places
from the country
some dancing others as spectators
we hope that this generated movement
economic of around 448 million
of bolivianos in everything that is the day
of Corsican corso and good without place
doubts is a party that we live the
Bolivians always came back
as a minister if ever and good
Now we take another charge is
very interesting but rather it is a
syncretism between comparsas with our
folklore I think it deserves a place a lot
larger
the patrimony something light and without place to
doubt we'll still good also leaving
of this 7 carnival the course of all
the courses of the nine departments
I think that here is the final political
all the ox and us like
cochabambinos we have to share
our visitors both national
how are they showing our love
showing the segment to the population
our joy I think based on that
we will also attract the largest amount
of tourism not that people have seen
is glad happy I think it will be
a very happy carnival without many
excesses because they have already been given the
message that everything with measure gives life and
based on that I think that to the extent of
which it is now the opportunity to
let's show our joy our
experts the visitors we are going to attract
more visitors and increase
tourism in our city
along the way flags
it is allowed is part
good look s
it is not prohibited
nothing unless they are taking poison
it is something vital
making aggression
no no no
I also have
you do not hurt anyone